Code snippets in CRUD.tex (#71)
chhoumann/p5: sections/Chapter 5 Sprint 3/CRUD.tex

    \multicolumn{1}{|l|}{\texttt{GetFilepath}} & \multicolumn{1}{l|}{GET}    & \multicolumn{1}{l|}{Integer}     & Article        \\ \hline
    \multicolumn{1}{|l|}{\texttt{Post}}        & \multicolumn{1}{l|}{POST}   & \multicolumn{1}{l|}{JSON Object} & Status message \\ \hline
    \end{tabular}
\end{table}

The \texttt{GET} method called \texttt{GetFilepath}, takes a integer "id" as an argument and finds an article in the database with the given "id" and returns the articles filePath as a JsonResult if it exists, otherwise an error is sent back.
This method can be seen in code snippet \ref{lst:GetFilepathMethod}.

\begin{lstlisting}[language=CSharp, caption={The \texttt{GetFilepath} method.}, label={lst:GetFilepathMethod}]
[HttpGet]
[Route("/[controller]/filelist/{id:int}")]
public IActionResult GetFilepath(long id)
{
    try
    {
        string filePath = databaseContext.Articles
          .First(e => e.Id == id).FilePath;
        return new JsonResult(new FileIdResponse(filePath));
    }
    catch (Exception)
    {
        return BadRequest($"No entity with ID {id} exists");
    }
}
\end{lstlisting}

> In WordCount, we also implemented a \texttt{POST} method called \texttt{Post} which takes a JSON object from the HTTP body as a parameter which should correspond to an array of articles. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In WordCount, we also implemented a \texttt{POST} method called \texttt{Post} which takes a JSON object from the HTTP body as a parameter that should correspond to an array of articles. 
```

This method is shown in code snippet \ref{lst:POSTMethod}.

\begin{lstlisting}[language=CSharp, caption={The \texttt{POST} method.}, label={lst:POSTMethod}]
[HttpPost]
public IActionResult Post([FromBody] JsonElement jsonElement)
{
    JsonSchema? schema = databaseContext.JsonSchemas
      .First(s => s.SchemaName == WordCountSchemaName);
    string jsonInput = jsonElement.GetRawText();

    if (schema == null)
    {
        return StatusCode(500, 
          $"\"{WordCountSchemaName}\" schema does not exist.");
    }

    // Get schema and use for validating
    if (!new JsonValidator<ArticleJsonModel[]>(schema.JsonString)
      .IsValid(jsonInput, out ArticleJsonModel[] jsonArticles))
    {
        return BadRequest("Wrong body syntax, does not follow schema.");
    }

    IEnumerable<Article> result = RemoveDuplicates(jsonArticles,
      out StringBuilder message);

    // Insert article
    IEnumerable<Article> enumerable = result as Article[] 
      ?? result.ToArray();

    databaseContext.Articles.AddRange(enumerable);
    databaseContext.SaveChanges();

    return Ok(message.ToString());
}
\end{lstlisting}

> The JSON object should be valid according to a JSON schema on the database, which determines the required format of the of the JSON object and the fields needed. If the JSON object does not fit the schema, an error message is sent back. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The JSON object should be valid according to a JSON schema stored in the database. The schema is used to determine whether the required format of the received JSON object is correct. If the JSON object does not fit the schema, an error message is sent back. 
```
